(2018 is the Year of the Dog.)
(A delightful trip of three friends...)
(who were all born in 1970 starts today.)
(Three friends in Hokkaido)
(With the white snow background,)
(their pure romance starts.)
(Romance, my foot.)
(He's falling down.)
(He's an experienced comedian who makes people laugh.)
(Sharing Hokkaido's taste)
(Their instinct of eating...)
(explodes today.)
(This tastes so good.)
(These middle-aged men and woman forgot their ages.)
This is fast!
(They have fun with snow too!)
(Three friends' trip in Hokkaido begins now.)
(Incheon Airport at 7:30am)
(Many people are leaving for their trips from early morning.)
(Sang Ryeol is waiting for his friends alone.)
There are many people who take off since early morning.
(A familiar silhouette appears.)
Hi there, Ms. Oh.
(A familiar friend, Hyeon Gyeong, arrives.)
- Hi. - Hi, it's quite early.
You're pretty even in the morning.
- How have you been? - I didn't wash my hair.
- You didn't wash your hair? - No.
- Are you serious? - Yes.
- Let me. - No.
- Let me smell it. It's been long. - No way.
Isn't he Gu Ra over there?
- Why are you entering that way? - What's wrong?
You seem very happy.
- Goodness. - You look very happy.
It's good to see you.
You don't usually look happy seeing me.
- I'm happy to see Ms. Oh. - I knew it.
- He's too happy. - Nothing makes me happy recently.
- You look too happy. - He's always happy to see me.
You're in full bloom.
I know! He's very happy.
(Full bloom)
Why is he this happy? How have you been, Ms. Oh?
- Hyeon Gyeong. - Yes?
- How have you been? - I've been great.
- Your jacket is cool. - Oh, really?
Isn't it too cold for you to wear only those?
I used to have a huge luggage.
But I gave it to my ex-wife.
- Why would you bring her up? - Why would you talk about her?
Why would you start the day with a sad story?
It's not like you can't say you didn't go to school just because...
your memories of the first grade until high school...
were not so favorable.
How could you compare your family to school days?
- How could you do that? - It's the same thing.
Whether I like it or not, she was part of my life.
How could I not mention her?
- Goodness. - You guys are loud now.
- I didn't make stories up. - It's been half a year.
- No, you said it to me. - We're like a year older now.
You are the one who asked me why my luggage is so small.
- You two are still loud. - I don't have many bags.
You two are so loud. Where are we going?
I only have this at home.
(How old are these men?)
(49 years old Sang Ryeol)
(49 years old Gu Ra)
I'll buy you one!
(Smiling in joy)
- Have you all changed money? - I have.
- We have to pick a treasurer. - You're right.
- Let's leave it to Ms. Oh. - I don't want to do it today.
- I'll do it today. - Why?
- You want to do it? - I'll do it.
I know Japan well.
I've been to Hokkaido three times.
- You've been there many times. - Yes.
- Ice cream there is good. - You're right.
- Ice cream is really good. - Yes, it's good.
The green tea ice cream is good.
- No, the regular one is good. - Yes, the regular one.
- The milky ice cream is good. - Really?
The lamb meat is also famous.
- Lamb is good. - Lamb rib?
There are some people who can't eat lamb.
- Do you eat it, Ms. Oh? - I don't eat it well, but...
I eat it in nice restaurants.
You have to eat sausages then.
Okay, let's go. Let's go eat sausages.
Let's change money first.
- The flight time is quite close. - Oh, okay.
- Let me help you with it. - No, I can do it.
Is this 900 dollars?
900 dollars in total.
- Okay. - Let's go.
(The three of them leave confidently.)
(Taking off right away)
(Or not)
(Their flight is delayed due to the airport congestions.)
(After two hours...)
(They finally left for Hokkaido.)
(4:00pm at Shin-Chitose Airport)
How could our flight get delayed?
It's 4pm now.
- The sun's going to set soon. - Where shall we go?
If we're going to the downtown, we should take the train.
- The train system is nice. - You know this place well, right?
- Let's move by the subway. - Sure.
- Let's get on the JR line. - Okay.
It's not JR. JR is not found here.
JR is an express train...
like KTX in Korea.
- It isn't connected? - No.
- We have to get out of here. - Yes.
- You've been here before. - JR is like KTX.
- We're arrived here too late. - I know.
- Where shall we go? - The downtown is quite small.
- It's small. - Right.
I've been there before.
I'm good with directions.
I just skimmed through, and I got the roads already.
It's good to take photos near the clock tower.
- Okay. - They also have...
- beer festivals in summer. - You're right.
They also have this spot...
known for one of Japan's early sea ports.
It's nice there.
(Gu Ra is showing off his knowledge about things.)
(He said it's not the JR line, but it is.)
- Look! It says JR! - Yes, it's JR, but...
I said I was wrong, and you're right.
Why do you have to point it out?
I said you were right about JR.
He's like a walking court.
- He's judging everything. - I know.
- His knowledge is shallow. - I said you were right.
Where are you going?
We have to go to downtown Sapporo.
I think the subway lines here...
are all written in Japanese.
- Tell us about this. - How can we go now?
How do we go to Sapporo Station?
Is this one correct?
- You can just select it here. - Okay.
I can just get the tickets by the prices?
- It's here. - Oh, right.
- The yellow block. - It's 10 dollars.
(Finally getting tickets)
(Getting tickets one by one)
- It's here. One. Take it. - Okay.
This reminds me of the old days.
- Yes, this paper ticket is old. - We had something like this too.
We got this paper ticket from the assistant at the counter.
- Then we tell where we're going. - Yes.
It used to be like that. This sign is funny.
It's asking how many children you're travelling with.
(Cute buttons showing the travellers)
- It's very cute. - Yes.
- It's like two adults. - This is us, right?
- This is me. - You are this.
You're single here because you don't have a child.
(The two friends with kids are making Sang Ryeol speechless.)
- Guys. - What have you done?
- Am I wrong? - Why didn't you make a child?
Hyeon Gyeong and I belong to this button with a child.
- Sang Ryeol is single. - Let's hear him out.
What's wrong with you?
This is depressing.
- Is the train here? - Yes, it's here.
- We have to go now. - Okay.
- To Sapporo. - This way.
Are we going?
(It takes about 30 minutes to the downtown by train.)
(Hello.)
(This man has a long chin.)
Are you Chinese?
- I'm from Taiwan. - Oh, Taiwan.
As we have some conditions for our moving in,
we should do something together during our trip.
Let's do two things together as housemates while traveling.
- Gu Ra. - Just two each.
- These are my conditions. - I feel bad.
- In downtown, Sapporo, - I like it.
- there's a pretty clock tower. - I like it.
- Okay, okay. - We can take a photo there.
- Let's look around and take photos. - I'd love that.
We should take a lot of photos there.
(Gu Ra wants to make unforgettable memories with his friends.)
- Dairy products are famous here. - Okay.
- Actually, ice cream is famous. - Really?
Ice cream is one of the food we should try here.
- My conditions are... - My conditions aren't that special.
- They are great. What about you? - I mean...
- Right. - Enjoying a proper hot spring.
You like hot springs.
- That's a great one. - I like hot springs too.
Hot springs are great here.
- I agree. They are great. - Hot springs.
- Even if it's for a short while, - Right.
- it's relaxing. - You're right. Of course.
We should definitely try that. Hot springs are great.
- You also wrote that down. - You wrote that too.
I also wrote that we should enjoy a hot spring just like Hyeon Gyeong.
I like this condition.
- As I said, since we are here, - You're right.
we should visit at least three restaurants to try their food.
Most of the restaurants in Japan have a long history that dates...
- back as far as 100 or 200 years. - That's right.
I like hot springs. Near this area...
Did you get some sleep by the way?
I slept for about 4 hours. It was a bit more than 4 hours.
I have a question for you, Hyeon Gyeong.
I noticed that as I get older, I don't sleep as much as before.
- You're not that old yet. - I sleep a lot by nature.
No. I think I can feel the difference now.
- No, I'm not there yet. - I can't sleep deeply. That's it.
- Right. That's true. - I can't sleep deeply.
It's because our breathing...
- That is so true. - gets weaker. That's why.
- I completely agree. - You're right.
- What is it? - You're right.
- I mean... - That's so true.
the herbalists often mention this.
I actually experienced that.
- I know what you mean. - When I was sleeping,
- I wished that I'd sleep deeply. - It's because...
- I felt that. - That's...
- The weather is cold too. - All my hairs rose.
You know the diaphragm in our body?
Only our diaphragms are horizontal while everything else is vertical.
When you're young, it is on the bottom, but it begins to rise later.
When we get older, our body shrinks, and that's why it moves up.
So that's why you should exercise...
- and square our shoulders. - That's true.
- So we easily wake up from sleep. - You're right.
It's our breathing.
(He only talks about what he heard from others.)
I'm half a doctor.
Hey, you should open a practice for bone setting.
- He also likes medicine. - He's pretty knowledgeable.
It's the same for our heart and brain.
They move through electric shocks.
Heat is the worst enemy for hair loss.
That's why people who work out a lot lose their hair.
When the gall bladder heats up...
When you get tired, the intraocular pressure increases.
It's something like that.
A friend of a friend of friend...
This is so funny.
People at our age only talk about health. Nothing else.
- We do. - I know.
I've been talking a lot, so I'm starving.
You were the only one talking so far.
I know. I'm the only one talking.
Hey, we should eat some lamb. I'm about to starve to death.
How about going for sushi instead of lamb?
- This area is famous for lamb. - Lamb?
Let's eat some lamb and get ice cream next.
- I don't think she likes lamb. - Is that so?
No, that's not true.
I can eat it as long as it doesn't smell bad.
Yeom Gyeong Hwan loves lamb. Did you know?
- Do you know why? - Why?
It's because it's good for stamina. He stuffs his face with it.
Seriously. That guy would eat anything for it.
Hey, have you seen him recently?
I talked to him on the phone a while ago, but I haven't seen him.
(They're heading to Sapporo Station from the airport.)
- We have arrived. - Hey, it's cold here.
- It's cold. - Goodness.
The weather is so different from the airport.
It's freezing here.
It's too cold to be out.
- It's cold. Wear your jackets. - It's cold.
No, I'm wearing this.
- What is that? - What is it?
I should wear a mask. It's cold.
(Gu Ra has disappeared.)
Are you Captain Um Hong Gil?
What are you talking about?
- That's for his neck. - My gosh.
Are we going for a hike? You don't need to wear that.
It's too cold. I must wear this.
- Let's go. - It's cold.
It's freezing.
(The trip of the trio born in the 70s is kicked off...)
(with a night in Sapporo full of city lights.)
Let's get going.
But I get the feeling Hyeon Gyeong doesn't want to eat lamb.
- I want to eat lamb. It's not that. - They serve other dishes too.
They serve other food too.
- Such as? - They serve sausages and beef too.
- That's nice then. - Exactly.
- I like lamb. - I think she eats lamb though.
Gyeong Hwan even eats lamb that doesn't even taste good.
- My gosh. - I bet he eats tires too.
- He'd eat them with chojang. - But the thing is...
- But... - Did you know that?
I learned that the economy in Japan is in good shape now.
I went to Tokyo a while ago.
- It's on the rise now. - They are doing well.
The businesses are roaring.
- I thought they were struggling. - Seven million Koreans came here.
- That's right. To Japan. - They came to Japan.
But only 1.9 million Japanese travelled to Korea.
Do you work at a traveling agency? Is that it?
- He may be working at the company. - Hey.
- He knows a lot of things. - Of course.
There's a taxi.
(A taxi stop in front of the station)
That's a taxi from the old days.
That's a hybrid car. Excuse me.
- Where is he going? - What?
- Oh, there? - He wants us to stand there.
- He wants us to stand at the stop. - Excuse me.
- Thank you. - Thank you.
(They load their luggage in the trunk of the car.)
- Get in. - Gosh.
Beer garden, please.
- Beer garden? - Yes, please.
(They head to the lamb restaurant at last!)
The city is quite small and has a lot of cute places.
- I see. - My gosh.
Didn't Lee Byung Hun film a music video here?
In this city, right?
(In Jo Sung Mo's music video for "Immortal Love",)
(he tried to stop his lover from leaving...)
(as he slid frantically in this very city.)
- This is the city, isn't it? - It wasn't Byung Hun's music video.
It was a music video.
He starred as the main character in a singer's music video.
- It was Jo Sung Mo. - You should've mentioned that.
Hey, try not to pick on what I say.
Hey.
- Look at the snow here. Gosh. - Look over there.
It did snow a lot here. Look at the side.
- I know, right? - They even shoveled it.
(The snow has built up on the streets.)
(Glancing)
Hey, you're blocking the light entirely.
(What?)
Gu Ra, then can I shrink myself...
- like I'm a pair of pants? - Just move back.
- Move your head back. - Our faces can't be seen.
- Just move back your head. - People can't see our faces.
- They can't see us. - Keep your head back.
There's nothing I can do about my height.
- Move your head back. - Look at that.
- Put your head where it was before. - Just like that.
- You can't do that. - You're blocking the light.
- No. Our faces can't be seen. - Actresses depend on lightings.
- They can't see us then. - My gosh.
- Move back, so she gets the light. - How could you be so clueless?
You two should come alone next time.
- Don't bring me then. - There's no fun in that then.
We won't tell you.
Am I your pet or something? Am I?
That was good. The analogy was cute.
Do you see what I mean? You always evaluate what I say.
It was a cute one.
This restaurant is the one that serves lamb.
Look at that. That's so pretty. How beautiful.
They renovated a beer factory.
- There's a beer museum over there. - Goodness.
This is great.
We came to the right place, Hyeon Gyeong.
- Look at the decor. - It's like a stand-up bar.
- I like that. - Is it big?
- It's big like a square. - I love it.
We must get going.
- I love it. This is so pretty. - I like this place.
- How could I have never come here? - It's a famous restaurant.
- It has a great vibe. - I love this smell.
The smell.
(From the entrance...)
- This is nice. - Let's go inside.
- It smells divine here. - Should we go in more?
- It smells great here. - My gosh,
- I think I am a glutton. - We'll take this.
It smells delicious.
(The caldron lid has the master's touch.)
(The smell of the meat makes their mouths water.)
(Welcome)
- I took a look at the menu. - Okay.
Do you see this? "Lamb shoulders".
- Let's get the lamb shoulders. - Okay.
We'll have a cold glass of beer.
Let's eat this before we eat lamb.
- Are those onions? - Yes, fried onion rings.
- Okay. I bet that's good. - What do you think? Do you like it?
Are you okay with that? How about it?
Hey, are you asking for our opinions?
- Or do you just want to eat them? - No, no.
- I'm asking your opinions. - Let me see that too.
- Let's order first. - Let us take a look.
- Hey. - Excuse me.
- Let us look at the menu first. - Let's get beer first.
- Fine, fine. - Excuse me.
We'd like to order.
(He starts ordering the dishes he decided on earlier.)
(You'd better ask for our opinions properly this time.)
Do you want sausages?
(Ta-da)
- Well... - We'll have some sausages.
(I can't let this slide.)
Hey, you should ask her what she wants.
- I was asking the both of you. - No, you want to eat them.
This is what you did. You saw sausages, and said, "Sausages?"
- We can't say no when you do that. - Earlier today,
we settled on this.
She said that she wanted to eat sausages.
("3 Friends, the Return of the 70s")
Two glasses of draft beer, please.
(Only two glasses?)
- Why did you only order two? - What does that mean?
(She understood.)
- Just get 2. Forget his. - Only 2?
- Come on. - What?
- Seriously. - What's going on?
- Come on. You should know better. - What is it?
(Immature Sang Ryeol wasn't going to order Gu Ra's beer.)
(Meanwhile, Gu Ra finishes ordering 3 glasses of beer.)
- He learned it. - Thank you.
Were you going to pull a trick on me?
My gosh, I was here when you ordered.
- What do you mean? - Unbelievable.
What were you going to do with two glasses of beer?
- I... - Hey, you'll spill it.
I was going to play along, but it was just too childish.
If she only brought two, I could have just...
ordered another one.
He didn't think that far.
Don't you see that? I could have easily done that.
- He got excited about that. - Right, right.
- When I pointed that out... - Fine.
- I like lamb. - We're eating lambs,
- I like lamb. - so you guys have been lame.
(If only we didn't hear his joke...)
(What should I do?)
Hey, did you know? When we are done with our meal,
we can burn this up.
(He's joking.)
Why?
(Since when did we decide to do that?)
Was his joke funny to you? Was it funny?
- I saw you getting flustered. - Wasn't it funny?
Isn't it funny?
Why would you burn it? I was just joking.
- We have to burn it? - Yes. We have to burn it.
- You have to set this on fire. - Let's burn it.
We're going to get covered in oil. So let's just burn it.
- She's laughing. - I enjoyed it.
She enjoyed it.
- She's a strange woman. - What's so strange?
Next time, you should come here with Gyeong Hwan.
("Three Friends" end.)
(Finally, the draft beer is served.)
- This is fun. - Thank you.
This is classic.
(Thirsty, they gulp it down.)
- Isn't it delicious? - It's so refreshing.
- The water tastes good. - It's clean water.
The water tastes amazing. This is water.
They're known for good water.
Water tastes the best...
in night clubs.
(Laughing)
(Did we hear it wrong?)
- Why aren't you criticizing her? - I am not laughing.
- Why aren't you criticizing her? - When you...
When you don't laugh, she'd know. Do I have to criticize her?
- I laughed. That's what matters. - Right.
- I was embarrassed. - I didn't laugh.
I laughed my own joke.
(Gyeong Hwan, I need you here.)
- Japan is nice. - She likes these things.
- Amazing. - First,
- She likes them. - Should I put this in the middle?
- Try it, Sang Ryeol. - Sure.
- Take one. - That was so funny.
Have one.
- Come on. Come on. - Okay.
Look how sweet I am. Eat it.
Here. Try it.
(Sang Ryeol tries it.)
Isn't it good?
- This is perfect for beer. - This is nice.
- Is it good? - It is.
Whenever I eat something for the first time,
I don't put anything on it.
I taste the ingredient's unique flavor first.
If that's what you want, you shouldn't eat it fried.
You should eat it raw.
What?
(What is he saying?)
- Right. - I am good at barbecuing.
- Right. - I love eating barbecue too.
(Gu Ra grills the meat before they argue again.)
Don't grill too much at once.
Okay.
This will tip off.
(The lamb meat gets cooked to Sang Ryeol's order.)
The juice is dripping down.
It looks delicious.
Try it.
(Sang Ryeol serves Gu Ra food this time.)
Let's try it.
It's delicious.
- I think the sauce would be good. - The sauce is good.
The sauce is good.
It's delicious.
(Hyeon Gyeong dips her meat in the sauce.)
(Sang Ryeol dips his in the sauce too.)
(It's absolutely delicious.)
Thank you for the food.
- We have to eat it fast. - Try it.
We have to eat it fast.
It's really delicious.
(They eat hurriedly.)
- The lamb is really good. - It's really delicious.
It's not bad without the sauce.
It's delicious, isn't it?
I drink beer a lot whenever I come here.
You don't usually drink much.
But I drink quite a lot of beer.
You're drinking quite a lot today.
We ate at 10am.
And we didn't eat anything until 6pm.
We have to be thankful...
that none of us have diabetes.
(We were able to hold it because we were healthy.)
- You know what I mean, right? - We are considered healthy.
- We are. - We are.
- That's what I am saying. - Yes.
If you had diabetes, we should've had chocolates.
I feel like I am going to get diabetic because of you.
- Come on. - I am always healthy.
You are healthy.
I haven't told you this,
but I have a lot of friends who are hypertensive.
- I am hypertensive. - Really?
- I am hypertensive. - Check your blood sugar level.
A hypertensive person is usually diabetic too.
- You're just... - That's what doctors say.
- That's what doctors say. - Hey,
why don't you just pay me the condolence money...
- now? - Doctors say that.
Is it something to get upset about?
(She's just joking.)
- I'm serious. - This is great.
I feel so good.
Like I said earlier, we don't talk much,
- but we feel relaxed. - Yes.
- We don't have to talk. - We don't need to.
- I should eat this. - When you travel with your family,
it's not so fun, but you feel relaxed.
You don't talk much, but you feel relaxed.
- I love it. - It's not awkward.
Right.
People like us don't betray each other.
- We don't. - Of course.
- Never. - And we don't...
expect too much from each other.
I am not a sweet type.
- Other people treat us nicely. - Eat this.
(Sang Ryeol doesn't doubt him at all.)
- Eat it. - That's why...
we don't get offended by other people easily.
(He's eating it without any doubt.)
- Is it good? - We have to eat all of these.
It's nice.
You see,
when I bit into it,
the onion came out. So I gave him the skin.
- It's good. - He liked it.
It was good.
It's good.
The onion came out.
So you only got the fried batter.
- He only gave you the skin. - I only gave you the skin.
He only gave you the skin. So he's asking if it was good.
(Gu Ra is dying.)
He was actually enjoying it.
He's cute. He's naive.
My gosh.
(Their eventful dinner ended.)
(How much is it?)
This is the bill.
It's around 120 dollars.
I think we would spend this much if we ate this much in Korea.
- It's reasonably priced, isn't it? - It is.
We can go for some ice cream.
(I love it.)
Let's go.
- Why don't you burn it? - What?
Burn it.
I don't have a lighter.
- It's here. - I need to burn it.
I thought you were serious.
(Hyeon Gyeong is in charge of judging their jokes.)
I get fooled easily.
Give us ice cream
- Give us - Incheon.
- Two ice creams - Incheon.
(Previously, Joong Wan wanted to take a trip to somewhere nice.)
(And they went to an abandoned school.)
(Ong Niel Hwan unexpectedly revealed how naive they are.)
(Will Ong Niel Hwan and Yook Soo have a head-on fight?)
(How will it turn out?)
(It's time to choose the game.)
Let's suggest one game each.
Then let's play rock-paper-scissors and pick two games.
If you don't play, you lose.
Rock-paper-scissors.
(Joong Wan wins.)
I won!
If you don't play, you lose. Rock-paper-scissors.
(Jae Hwan wins.)
- Yes! - No!
It's table tennis.
Where is the table tennis table? I will go get it.
- It's here. - It's like we're on a school trip.
I haven't had this much fun in a long time.
You seem to like doing these things.
I love it.
I love playing games.
The person who wins here...
will be exempted from playing ssireum.
When the game ends,
the other four will go outside and have a tournament.
I want to win. So should I lose this game?
You want to play ssireum. Is that right?
I think I might lose to Wanna One.
But I will make sure to beat you.
You and I will play first.
The winner will get five points.
(I am Wanna One's center, Kang Daniel.)
(Table tennis is nothing.)
(I am sorry, Jeong Soo. I think I am going to win.)
(They burst into laughter.)
(Daniel precisely hits his nose.)
(He runs to Jeong Soo.)
I am sorry.
I am okay.
(He's dizzy.)
I get one point, right?
I got one point, right?
I think Daniel wants to play ssireum.
- I think he only has the passion. - I think he wants to play it.
I have never played table tennis in my entire life.
- What do I do? - Start.
(Downward blow)
He's really terrible at it.
(As soon as Jeong Soo serves the ball,)
(he hits it with a downward blow again.)
(He never got to hit a ball more than once.)
- He's terrible. - He is.
- It's 2 to 0. - It's 2 to 0.
- What do I do? - You have to hit the other side.
Okay.
(The ball went out of the table twice more.)
Wait.
(And Jeong Soo wins the first game.)
- I really don't get this. - Put on your jacket.
- I don't know what to do. - Put on your jacket.
You should go prepare the thigh band.
(Jae Hwan warms up with much charisma.)
- Jae Hwan is good. - What's going on?
- What are you? - What's going on?
Joong Wan, look at him. You're done.
(Table tennis prodigy threatens Joong Wan.)
- This is unfair. - Why can't you do it?
(Joong Wan is flustered.)
(He seems quiet,)
Come on.
(but he actually turns out to be a table tennis prodigy.)
He's good.
(He practices hard and manages himself well.)
(I am the table tennis prodigy.)
- Next. - This is so difficult.
Do you want to do a practice round?
You should practice.
He's filled with confidence.
- Why? - Look at his posture.
- Let me practice. - Look at his posture.
I'll hit it on the first try.
(They play a practice round.)
(His serve is amazing.)
(What?)
Good job.
(His joints don't listen to him.)
- That's how you do it. - Very graceful.
You move very gracefully.
- His posture is funny. - He moves gracefully.
- He's posture is... - Very graceful.
Let's start now.
- Should I serve first? - Okay.
(The 2nd game starts with Seong Woo's serve.)
Good job. You did well.
He became serious. He became very serious.
But he's played it before. He's done it before.
He's got the eyes of an athlete.
He looks like a Chinese athlete. A Chinese table tennis player.
(He looks like a table tennis world champion.)
- Serve first. - Well done.
(His serve is good,)
(but his posture is bad.)
(Seong Woo's joints malfunction.)
(All he did was to shrug his shoulders and frown his face.)
Good job!
(Jae Hwan falls.)
(The prodigy makes a mistake, and Seong Wu wins 1 point.)
- Good job. - Take off your socks.
You shouldn't be careless.
(He's a table tennis prodigy at heart.)
His postures are so funny.
(Seong Wu's 4 postures will instantly make you feel better.)
(Seong Wu serves again.)
Good job.
(He frowns.)
(He's touched by Seong Wu's cute trick.)
(The prodigy is not stirred at all.)
(It's hard to believe, but he's doing his best.)
Okay.
(He tried hard,)
(but he lost 1 point.)
(Oh, no.)
(Daniel is rolling on the floor laughing.)
I am crying.
I think I'm going to dream about it.
They played as if they were doing an exorcism.
(Trying to copy Seong Woo.)
They were going like this.
(I liked it.)
- I'm getting a headache. - My ball...
- I’m crying. - It's my turn to serve.
- How do you do that? - Here I go.
I want to go like this.
- But it’s really fun. - I know.
Come on.
(He stretched out his long arm, but it wasn't enough.)
- 3 to 1. - Have some manner.
(He keeps losing points in funny poses.)
- 4 to 1. - 4 to 1.
- He's in trouble. - Okay.
Okay.
(Stretching out)
(Seong Woo lost as he stretches out gracefully.)
He jumped so high.
I thought he was carrying the torch.
The torch.
Are you an honorary ambassador for Pyeongchang Olympics?
(Even though he's not an honorary ambassador...)
(or a torch bearer,)
(he hopes a successful hosting of Pyeongchang Winter Olympics.)
- You must play. - Yes.
Whoever wins will get to play the final.
Rock-paper-scissors.
(Jae Hwan will play the final. Jeong Soo will play against Joong Wan.)
(Jeong Soo's sudden serve)
Wait.
- All of a sudden? - What?
- I'm going to win. - Bring it on.
I'm going to win.
(But he couldn't even pass it over.)
(Then he used all the tricks...)
(to win.)
This is not table tennis.
I was going to hit it that way.
(I love it.)
Now it's the final.
Start.
(Jae Hwan keeps Joong Wan in check.)
(Walking)
That's good.
Look at him.
(Jae Hwan doesn't serve easily.)
(Then Jae Hwan replicates.)
That's good. Hey.
That's where we spilled pork belly.
(He serves after confusing Joong Wan.)
(The match is stable as it is the final.)
They're both good.
(A match between table tennis genius and a front runner)
(He misses.)
(He's excited to get a point.)
(The match continues in tension.)
Smashing!
- His legs... - Come on.
- Why does he keep moving his legs? - Show me some smashing.
(He keeps moving.)
(He's playing undisturbed.)
(Concentrating)
Come on, and smash.
- Look at his legs. - Is that Independence Gate or what?
Why are you doing that?
(Joong Wan won 1 point.)
He's going to hit this way.
(He's using a trick like Jeong Soo.)
[VIU Ver] E27 Outrageous Roommates
"Winter Trips"
-♥ Ruo Xi ♥-
- Are you doing that again? - His legs.
- Why does he keep moving his legs? - Smashing!
His legs are so funny.
Hey. Why are you so good?
It's like the old eight bits game.
What?
(Eight bits table tennis game continues endlessly.)
Finish it now. Come on.
You're pretty good.
You're good.
He knows how to play.
(They continue to compliment each other.)
(Laughing)
(He won 1 point again.)
It's making me cry.
(Jae Hwan replicates again.)
(He keeps moving.)
Their cushions are pretty stable.
His legs.
That's hilarious.
Can't you smash?
Jae Hwan. Smash.
Come on. Smash already.
Smash now.
(Screaming)
(It's a home run.)
(He won a point without effort.)
(Crying)
Why don't you smash? Try it.
- Why don't you smash? Try it. - Smash?
- Try it. - I get nervous.
- Just do it. - I'm so nervous.
I'm so nervous.
(The current score is 4 to 3.)
Okay.
(Due to the passionate match,)
(they've become exhausted.)
(Okay. I'm going to end this.)
(Jae Hwan's powerful smash)
(Shocking)
(Jae Hwan's smash doesn't give a break.)
(The final winner is Jae Hwan.)
- He was aiming for the last one. - He was so confident.
It's over now.
I should've won.
- I almost had it. - You were pretty good.
Let's pick the loser,
- and grant a wish. - Grant a wish?
The loser grants...
- other four people's wish. - Sounds great.
Sky and ground.
We got it.
(Jeong Soo versus Daniel, Joong Wan versus Seong Woo)
- You're going to play first? - It's cold.
Hold on. What are we going to grab?
Grab the underwear.
- "Underwear." - Grab the underwear.
- Here? - Try grabbing it.
- Hold my jacket, please. - Give it to me.
It's freezing.
- Are you wearing a T-shirt? - Yes.
- Put something on. - You're tough.
- You're so tough. - Kang Daniel.
- Jeong Soo looks warm. - That's awesome.
- That's awesome. - No. No. No.
No. I'm going to keep the T-shirt on.
Great, Jeong Soo.
No. There's a T-shirt inside.
The T-shirt is stuck.
I'm worried.
I don't know if I should win or lose.
Is Jeong Soo going to throw Daniel down?
No. Daniel's pretty strong.
- Really? - Yes. He's really strong.
- Why is it so low? - Are you strong?
No. Not really.
- Gosh. - Are you okay?
I'm getting nervous.
He's only 20...
(You wouldn't get to see this anywhere else.)
Now, blue band and red band.
- Blue band and red band. - Hurry up. It's cold.
(He's having the biggest worry in his life.)
(Should he win or lose?)
Daniel and Jeong Soo. Start.
Goodness.
Wait.
(Naive Daniel...)
(displays monstrous power as soon as it begins.)
(He won against Jeong Soo's strong calves lightly.)
(Real man Daniel wins.)
Oh, it's cold.
You're a real man.
He must be cold.
- I'm freezing. - Should I go give this to him?
- Seong Woo. Come out. - Hurry up.
- Seong Woo. - Hurry up.
Come out.
- Seong Woo. Come out. - How can I throw him down?
- I'm not as strong as I look. - Okay.
You're double the size of him.
(He's at least triple the size of him.)
He's already dragging me.
- Get ready. Set... - Wait.
(Seong Woo's flapping like thin paper.)
Go.
(Laughing)
(He's lifted up to the air so easily.)
(Seong Woo is too light for Joong Wan.)
- Look at his butt. - Hold onto him.
(My goodness.)
It's an idol singer's butt.
Hold onto him.
Keep holding on.
What's he going to do?
(He soothes Seong Woo in case he's bored.)
(His soul's being threshed.)
(Flapping)
(They're enjoying it despite how he feels.)
Great.
I give up.
(Joong Wan spins.)
- You won. - Look at that.
- Did I win? - You won.
(Roar of joy)
Why did you fall?
(Joong Wan's still laughing.)
From laughing.
- Don't be ridiculous. - I was laughing so much.
- Don't be ridiculous. - I fell from laughing as I spun.
(He denies the reality.)
He doesn't cook.
He keeps nagging.
I wanted to throw Jeong Soo down.
(You know that I love you, right, Jeong Soo?)
- We're going to have a match? - Yes.
- It's the rule. - It's going to be funny.
- It's going to be really funny. - It's going to be hilarious.
You said you'll take your clothes off when you go outside.
(When Daniel suggested,)
(he said he will...)
(only wear his underwear.)
Are we really going to do it?
- Go shirtless. - Go shirtless.
- You go first. - Okay.
(Is he really going to take the top off?)
(He's a real man.)
- How are you going to do it? - No way.
You're going to catch a cold. You really shouldn't.
(Why not?)
(Real men's match)
It's real.
Goodness.
(Ice rubbing)
(Energetic)
(They cheer.)
(Take this too.)
Help me.
(He's in a rush.)
Get ready. Get ready now.
They must be freezing.
You need to be careful. You have to be really careful.
- It's freezing. - Get ready.
(Ichon-dong calves versus Mangwon Market President Yook)
It's windy.
- Get ready. - Hurry up.
It's so cold.
Get ready. Set. Go.
(Joong Wan lifts Jeong Soo.)
(Jeong Soo tries his best.)
(Relaxed)
(Joong Wan's not pushed easily.)
(Then...)
(It's the chicken feet attack.)
(It's a shocking and horrifying match.)
His butt's showing.
(He's even using his buttocks muscles.)
(He grabs the thighs.)
- Jeong Soo's pushing him. - Be careful.
(What's the result?)
(Jeong Soo lost.)
(He's stopping Jeong Soo from getting up.)
(He runs quickly into the room.)
(Jeong Soo cracks them up.)
That was so funny.
- It really was. - Jeong Soo...
didn't go home, did he?
Let's get in. It's cold.
- It was fun. - Gosh.
It was.
- It was a good game. - It was fun.
(The guys went to wash up.)
(How will Seong Woo wash his face?)
(The hot water and the cold water come out separately there.)
(He mixes one bowl of each.)
(Rubbing meticulously)
(Is it all spread well?)
(Rinsing thoroughly)
(Jae Hwan...)
(washes his face while squatting down.)
(Rubbing hard)
(He's not a man from the wild.)
(Daniel washes meticulously while looking in the mirror.)
(Puppy Daniel washes his face like a kitten.)
(He looks chic at the end.)
(Sighing)
Gosh. My feet are freezing.
It was really fun today.
How did you find a place like this?
Sorry?
(It's hard to believe they're here.)
Well... They said in the introduction of this place...
that they decorated the school like a pension,
so I thought it would be nice to make good memories...
in an abandoned school.
(This could be called "The Unexpected Prison Playbook".)
Did you hear any scary stories while you were students?
I'm not sure if it's a scary story,
but it's a true story.
If it's a true story, it'll be fun.
Tell us the true story. Hurry.
- The true story? - Please.
It's a story I heard in the army.
(They're listening to a scary true story...)
(at an abandoned school late at night.)
There was a guy...
who always had gloomy eyes.
One day, he dreamed of going to a reservoir.
He said his deceased mother,
who was wearing a white hanbok,
was gradually approaching him from the water.
He was so scared even though he knew it was his mother.
Because he couldn't see her face well...
as it was covered with her hair.
She was slowly immersing from the water and approaching him.
Then he said...
he finally saw her face.
But suddenly...
(They're screaming at the thump.)
(Startled)
(They're terrified.)
- What was that? - What the...
What on earth was that?
- My goodness. - I was so scared.
What's wrong with you?
What is the matter with you?
- I almost got a heart attack. - I was terrified.
I'm fully awake now.
Where were we?
That was truly unexpected.
I was frightened.
Let's eat something delicious tomorrow.
- Okay. - All right.
- Makguksu will be good. - I like every food.
(Let's go to Jeonju, Sung Kyu.)
(Why?)
(He thought Gyeong Gyu was joking.)
(Early in the morning at Yongsan Station)
(A KTX train is ready to depart.)
Let's go.
(Gyeong Gyu jokingly suggested they visit Sung Kyu's hometown,)
(and they're really going now.)
(Surprisingly, it was Sung Kyu who planned this trip.)
It was because Jeonju is my hometown.
I thought...
it would be nice to travel where I lived...
and spend time talking to each other,
so I can get closer to Gyeong Gyu.
That's why I planned this trip.
I went there to let him feel the peaceful atmosphere,
and help him get some rest in a comfortable setting, but...
(But he can't finish his sentence.)
(Something is likely to happen.)
Jeonju is the city of aristocrats.
Did you eat breakfast?
- No, not yet. - I bought burgers.
(Wow, did you prepare mine too?)
You bought this for me, right?
No. I bought it for myself.
(No. I bought it for myself.)
I can care about others only after my stomach is full.
(Now, he understands.)
Here is a sandwich.
Coke.
- Thank you. - Coke.
You have a lot of Japanese fans,
- Yes. - right?
I released many albums in Japan.
(Taking a big bite)
- Did you study in Japan? - Yes.
I studied in Japan in the past.
(Hamburgers taste best when you eat it with your hands.)
Why are you eating like that?
(What?)
It's my style.
(He gives some tissues.)
Burgers...
(Just wiping briefly)
(He seems to be bothered.)
(But Gyeong Gyu doesn't care.)
(He just sticks to his style of eating.)
(This man has his own charm and makes people take care of him.)
- Why? - So that you won't choke.
I'm okay.
(Sung Kyu is good at taking care of Gyeong Gyu now.)
There is...
a place called Hyanggyo in Jeonju.
You're right.
It was an educational institution in the Joseon Dynasty.
You know about it very well.
So it's the city of aristocrats.
- Where are you from? - I'm from Busan.
- But you know a lot. - About what?
About Jeonju.
Lee Seong Gye, the first king of the dynasty,
is my ancestor.
- Did your family come from Jeonju? - Right.
So I'm very interested in Jeonju.
A descendant of the Lee family from Jeonju in what generation?
Well, I'm not a direct descendant of the Lee family from Jeonju.
There is Prince Hyoryeong...
and I'm a descendant of...
- Pardon? - Gosh.
I don't know it very well. Don't ask.
But I'm just a part of the Lee family originated from Jeonju.
So you're a part of that family...
(He needs to change subjects.)
It won't take long.
It takes about an hour and a half.
Jeonju is close if you take the KTX.
- You can get there quickly now. - What?
It used to take about three hours when I was young.
Three hours? Probably.
It takes only an hour and a half now.
Have you taken a train lately?
I take a train a lot.
You used to take a train a lot in the past, right?
That's right. And I take a train these days too.
Have you heard about Naeilro tickets for those in their 20s?
- What? - Naeilro.
- Naeilro? - Yes.
Naeilro...
It sounds like tomorrow in Korean.
Right. It does mean tomorrow.
- Naeilro. - If you buy that ticket,
you can take the train...
as many times as you want...
while traveling the country.
With that ticket, you can get discounts...
on your accommodations, paragliding,
riding rail bikes, and so on.
But for those in their 20s only.
Oh, you can't use that.
(I forgot about your age.)
What kind of ticket is that?
I'm still in my 20s.
You make the most of it then.
(He thought Gyeong Gyu was like his friend.)
I can use that ticket.
- This is nice. - We should sign this contract.
We have to sign it again somehow.
May I hear what you want?
"To go on a gourmet trip."
(The trip to Jeonju will meet Gyeong Gyu's criteria.)
"To get closer to each other."
- "To do what I want to do." - "To do what I want to do."
(That condition hasn't changed.)
- What are your conditions? - For me,
I would like to skip breakfast and sleep in.
(What?)
It won't do, right?
Breakfast... Well...
Can we?
Why would we skip breakfast?
Because we're tired.
- We can't sleep enough as it's... - Okay.
So you can do it for me.
Well... can't I eat breakfast alone?
- Pardon? - Can I eat while you're sleeping?
Should I not eat either?
How would you like if we sleep some more,
and have bigger lunch,
or have brunch together?
- Okay. - Good. And the second one.
Your chicken ramyeon was a great hit in the past.
So I'd like to make a new ramyeon recipe that will exceed...
the success of the chicken ramyeon together.
(I see.)
Then we may start a business together.
As I'm getting older...
Right. That is an important matter.
I want to get prepared for my future.
Fate brought us together,
it would be great to shoot a commercial with you too.
- And the third... - You want to make new ramyeon.
- Yes. Since you really like it. - Right.
- Shall we write it? - Sure.
(When they were writing the contract for the first time...)
(Wait. Please don't sign the contract yet.)
(Let me think about it some more.)
(Sung Kyu felt so uncomfortable about living with the old senior.)
Hey.
(But now, he is playing a very active role.)
(They finished signing the contract again quickly with Sung Kyu's lead.)
Jeonju is famous for bibimbap, right?
Yes. There are many good bibimbap restaurants.
- Right. - Would you like to eat it?
I'd love to.
I know a restaurant that sells good bibimbap.
- Do you? - Yes.
Bibimbap with seasoned raw beef.
That sounds great.
Thank you.
(It's a restaurant that a local recommends.)
(Proud)
Do you go there often?
I went there often with my family when I was young.
It's a place that reminds me of the times...
when I was eating there with my mom.
My parents still go there...
- to eat frequently. - Do they?
- The bibimbap place? - Yes.
(It's making him salivate.)
It's warmer than Seoul, right?
Yes. It's south of Seoul, you know.
(Their journey to the warm city in the south)
(But as their journey progresses,)
(it looks more like they're going on an Antarctic expedition.)
(Frozen)
- It's snowing a lot. - I know. It's snowing so much.
(What is going on?)
(Snow welcomes them.)
(They've arrived in Sung Kyu's hometown, Jeonju.)
The city with the most Korean charms.
That's right.
(We wonder what Sung Kyu was like as a kid.)
- Let's take a taxi. - Sure.
- Let's just take that one. - Okay.
(They take a taxi because of the snow.)
I'll hold the door for you.
Hello.
- Hello. - It's very nice to meet you.
You know the restaurant, right?
(Of course.)
It's a pretty big restaurant, right?
Yes, it is.
- Is it your friend? - No, an emergency text message.
A cold wave warning has been issued.
(Heavy snow expected until tomorrow)
(Gyeong Gyu is worried about the snow.)
Chonbuk National University is that way.
I see, Chonbuk National University.
The high school I went to is inside their campus.
I went to Chonbuk National University High School.
(He's back after a long time.)
- It hasn't changed at all. - What?
This area hasn't changed at all. It looked exactly like this...
even when I was a little kid.
There was a book store across the street,
but that's gone.
(There have been slight changes.)
Gosh, my dear General.
I was thinking about bringing my dogs, but...
- You should've brought them. - No.
I've learned my lesson.
They drool so much.
They literally drool nonstop.
I didn't see it.
Gosh, every morning...
(The dogs make him laugh.)
Every morning, there's poop everywhere.
- I felt bad after watching it. - Gosh, don't worry about it.
No, I was so surprised.
(After chatting for a while)
This is the restaurant.
- This is it? - Yes.
- Let's go. Oh, boy. - Oh, that way.
- Thank you. - Goodbye.
(They've already forgotten about the burgers.)
Oh, boy.
My gosh, this must be it. Let's go in.
(They enter the restaurant.)
Sung Kyu! You've been a regular here since you were a kid.
- That's right. - Good to see you.
Hello.
- Hello. - Hello.
(They welcome them.)
Hello.
She must be the owner.
Yes, she's the owner.
Everyone at the restaurant knows you.
I've been coming here a lot for years.
(Since he was a kid)
Even the lady in the kitchen...
(He's been a regular.)
She recognized you right away.
My gosh.
You must know this area like the back of your hand.
(Proud)
Today, I'll just...
follow your lead.
Yes, I have the route mapped out in my head.
Let's eat first,
then reminisce my memories together.
- All right. - Just follow me.
Okay, sounds good.
If there's anything that you don't like,
you can just raise your left hand quietly...
- to let me know. - Gosh, it's...
I'll know that it's dangerous.
So far, so good.
- Are you enjoying it so far? - It's been very good.
I'm in such a good mood now. I'm really excited.
- You're happy now, right? - I'm very happy.
It's perfect now.
(He's in a great mood.)
The place where I got your autograph is right across the street.
(Back when Gyeong Gyu had a gimbap restaurant business,)
(he held a fan signing event in Jeonju,)
(and Sung Kyu got his autograph at that event.)
(You looked so grumpy that day.)
- It was right over there. - Really?
Yes. The gimbap place...
that was part of your franchise...
(Please forget about it already.)
- Hello. - Hello.
- I'm so honored to meet you. - It's nice to meet you.
It's my honor.
Sung Kyu is all grown up now.
I almost couldn't recognize him.
I haven't seen you since I was very young.
You've been coming to my restaurant since you were a little kid.
You were so adorable.
- Was he adorable? - Yes.
- He was such a great dancer. - Oh, my.
- He sang for us too. - He's a great singer.
He was very into singing.
- I wondered what he'd become. - When he grows up, right?
My gosh, you must've wondered if he'd grow up decently.
His parents are also...
- You're the owner, right? - Yes.
Then did you come up with the recipe for the bibimbap yourself?
Yes. I'm...
a bibimbap master and a living national treasure.
(She's a living national treasure.)
Oh, I see. My gosh.
(Gyeong Gyu has become polite all of a sudden.)
I saw that you're a holder of...
- Intangible cultural property. - That's right.
You've been making bibimbap for three generations, right?
(I'm bibimbap master.)
What makes Jeonju bibimbap special?
Do you put in any special ingredient?
We make rice with bone broth.
- I see. - Yes, that's right.
- You make rice with bone broth. - Bone broth...
As a kid, Sung Kyu didn't like eating rice made with bone broth.
- Really? - Yes.
I didn't like it?
- Sung Kyu didn't like bone broth. - He was so cute.
You must've adored him a lot. You still remember such details.
Is there anyone to whom you can pass down this restaurant?
My daughter. My granddaughter is also...
How old is your granddaughter?
- She's 24. - Sung Kyu.
(Sung Kyu, this is it.)
This is your chance.
You should inherit this restaurant.
Am I already considered a member of the family?
(They're painting a big picture.)
(Does that mean this restaurant is mine now?)
My daughter is here.
Oh, hello.
- She's your daughter? - Hello.
I thought it was your granddaughter. You must know Sung Kyu.
- Yes. - Hello.
- I've known him since he was a kid. - Pardon me?
- I've known him since he was a kid. - Yes, I heard.
How many side dishes are there?
(All sorts of side dishes are filling up the table.)
All right, let's eat.
When you mix bibimbap,
you should use your chopsticks.
- Why? - That's how you mix it.
It's easier with chopsticks.
You're right. It's easier.
(Mixing)
- Enjoy. - You too.
Thanks for the food.
(He takes a big spoonful...)
(and eats it.)
(After mixing with his chopsticks,)
(he takes it right into his mouth.)
- Does it taste okay? - Yes, it's very good.
- You're really enjoying it, right? - Of course.
When we were eating chicken,
you even enjoyed raw chicken,
- so I'm just not sure... - No, no.
(Gyeong Gyu made baeksuk for Sung Kyu.)
(I don't think the meat is cooked.)
(Gyeong Gyu ate undercooked chicken.)
It's delicious.
(I really mean it this time.)
You were obviously a good kid.
- Pardon? - Had you had a dark past,
you wouldn't have brought me here.
Yes, you're right.
I cannot take you to my hometown.
- Did you do bad things? - No, just because.
(Does he have a dark past?)
(His eyes suddenly well up with tears.)
Are you crying now?
No, I'm not.
(No, I'm not crying.)
- It looks like you're crying. - No, I'm not. These days,
I spend 2 to 3 days a week out in the sea.
Then I eat at someone's place one day a week.
I also sleep at someone else's place one day a week.
It means that I only get to go home one day...
I can only go home 1 or 2 days a week.
Whose place do you sleep?
- Your place. - Oh, right. My place.
I thought we were like family. My feelings are hurt.
My second home.
(It's my second home.)
You have to meet a good housemate.
(He keeps trying to patch things up.)
I got to enjoy this bibimbap thanks to my housemate.
I've learned that 80 percent of life...
is decided by whom you meet.
To me, meeting you means...
I know.
- You're very lucky. - Sorry?
You're very lucky to have met me like this.
I'm truly lucky.
Yes, you're really lucky.
I don't think such luck will come to me ever again.
Have you been working on your music?
We finished recording our new album,
and I'll be in a musical with Ahn Jae Wook.
- Seriously? - Yes.
You should come watch it if your time allows.
- Will you really come? - Yes, I like musicals.
- Really? You like musicals? - Yes.
Do you like baseball by any chance?
- I like soccer. - Soccer?
I want to become a soccer player if I can be born again.
- You like soccer that much? - Yes, I'm serious.
From the 1994 World Cup in the US...
to the 2018 World Cup in Russia,
I've been participating in every single one.
- You've been participating? - No, I mean...
I've been going to every World Cup.
- You've watched every World Cup. - That's right.
I've watched every World Cup in person.
(I, Gyeong Gyu,)
(go everywhere for soccer.)
(Let's go to the 2018 FIFA World Cup Russia!)
Even yesterday, I watched soccer all night.
- Last night? You watched that game? - Yes.
The team with Messi.
What's the league called? I can't remember the name.
The Spanish league.
What's the name of it?
Gosh, I'm drawing a blank.
The Primeira Liga.
Primeiga Liga?
- The Primeira Liga. - No, that's the British one.
- The name of the Spanish one. - Primeira.
The Primeira Liga?
(He doesn't believe Sung Kyu.)
It was a different name.
(He looks it up himself.)
(It is the Primeira Liga.)
Yes, it's that name.
(He wants to evade embarrassment.)
Gyeong Gyu, shall we get going now?
Yes, we should.
Where are we going anyway?
I thought about where to take you next,
and I think we should visit my high school.
- Your high school? - Yes, my high school.
Why do I have to go there?
Well, in a way...
Now we're shooting this, but we're already like family...
living in the same house.
Last time we met,
you did whatever you liked.
We went to the dog swimming pool.
(They went to the swimming pool for dogs as Gyeong Gyu wished.)
(Stop it.)
Goodness.
(He's feeling sorry.)
Which school did you go to? Jeonju High School?
I went to Chonbuk National University High School.
We can take a walk around the campus. It's a college.
You will like it there.
You have Chonbuk National University here in North Jeolla Province.
You also have Woosuk University.
- There's Wooseok. - There's also Wonkwang University.
Wonkwang University.
Wonkwang University is a Buddhist college.
- You know it. - I went to Dongguk University.
Is Dongguk following Won Buddhism?
No, it is a regular Buddhist college.
- Isn't Wongang Won Buddhist? - No, it's just regular Buddhist.
These days the Internet is so advanced that...
we have to state facts only.
I think it's Won Buddhist.
(He's fact-checking.)
(Goodness)
I'm sorry Wongang University follows Won Buddhism.
- It's Won Buddhist. - What?
(It was close for Gyeong Gyu to tell wrong information.)
This is how you play it?
I'm sorry. I forgot.
I thought they were based on the same Buddhism.
(It's dawn at the abandoned school pension.)
Wanna One, get up. Wanna One, get up!
(Yook Soo is already up.)
(Robot Ong is still asleep.)
(The world is still new to Puppy Niel.)
(Jae Hwan looks like dumplings.)
(Yawning)
(Crossing the field full of snow)
(Seong Woo enters the shower booth.)
Gosh! It's so cold.
(Screams from cold)
(He welcomes the snow with bare feet.)
It's warm here. It's really warm.
It's warm!
(Scratching)
(He starts stretching after scratching his back.)
(Competition)
(Screaming louder and louder)
(Mysterious emergency rescue)
(They suddenly stopped screaming.)
(The peace came after realizing what they were doing.)
(Embarrassed)
Are we going out to play?
- Of course, we are. - Okay.
Didn't we play a lot yesterday?
(Embarrassed)
Isn't yesterday enough?
Yes, we've played a lot.
(Playing around as much as he can)
(On the way to Gapyeong)
(They picked snow sledding.)
(He's a national snow-sledder by heart.)
(He's so into it.)
(Singing along)
I think it has a pretty scene there at the snow sled site.
Photographs last forever.
Goodness.
Aren't you going to shorten the strings?
(He wears it like a gold medal.)
Okay.
It's good.
(He's excited to take a lot of photographs.)
Seong Woo, how should I pose?
Should I pose in a coy manner?
(Shooting)
Could you make my legs look long?
Your legs?
(He got it.)
(Photographer Ong is doing his best to shoot well.)
It's nice.
This is like a giant.
My proportion is like a model's.
Let's get in!
Get in the car.
- Move in? - No, get in.
Get in.
(Everyone gets into the car.)
(Joong Wan is the only one who's not in the car.)
Why isn't he getting in?
- What are you doing? - What?
You should sit in front.
- What did you say? - You should sit in front.
- Why should I? - We played games last night.
You have to do as I wish.
(Wrestling loser is in panic.)
(The loser must grant everyone's wish.)
- Right. - He's right.
You have to do as I wish. You should drive now.
I wouldn't ask for mean things because it's a new year.
(He keeps his promises.)
He's Manager Yoon.
(He came in last.)
- Nice! - Thank you, Manager Yoon.
Please drive safely.
- Okay, let's get it. - Let's get it.
(He's happy to complete 1 wish.)
There's this restaurant that sells spicy catfish soup.
- They're probably boiling it now. - Goodness.
- It sounds delicious. - They have outdoor tables.
(That sounds delicious.)
(There's another restaurant.)
There's a dried yellow corvina set.
You have to have it with rice that's been put in water.
It sounds delicious.
There is budae jjigae.
I want to eat a steamed bun.
I want to have a steamed bun with banana milk.
I want a fish cake bar.
I want a fish cake bar and a steamed bun.
Don't they sell steamed buns in the convenience stores?
- I think they sell them. - Yes, they have.
(He hopes that a convenience store appears.)
(Finally, there's a convenience store)
Are you using your wish now?
Make a wish now.
I'll buy a lot.
(He gets out of the car to buy steamed buns.)
(He can't stop smiling.)
This has all the things I love. Seaweed and beef jerky.
It can't be true.
I must buy this.
(Daniel loses his mind in the convenience store.)
There's steamed bun.
Are you trying to buy this place out?
I'll have one more of this.
I really love this.
(He grabs the two full bags,)
(and they leave.)
Give me a bite.
This tastes so good.
(Regular people eat slowly.)
It's delicious.
I was starving.
(Just looking at it makes him happy.)
Please give me one too.
(He eats it like it's the last one.)
(He eats the whole thing in three bites.)
(Stabbing the straw)
(He drinks the banana milk in one sip.)
(He's determined.)
(He doesn't stop eating. He's the new boss of eating.)
(There's no turning back in his eating show.)
The scenery is beautiful.
The winter scenery is nice.
- I see the snow sled site. - Me too.
- Are you ready to enjoy? - Yes, we are.
- Are you ready? - Yes, we are!
(Everyone who has played knows this.)
(Snow sled sites are the hot place.)
(Mommy, it's exciting!)
(The race on snow...)
(makes people forget about the coldness.)
Your face is brighter.
- Your face looks better. - Yes, I'm very excited.
I've always wanted to go to a snow sled place.
Just hearing about it makes my heart beat fast.
It was superb.
Stand here. I'll take photos for you all.
- Sure. - Stand against this background.
1, 2, 3.
(They're excited to play.)
(This time everyone is in the photo.)
(We're the Ong Niel Hwan Yook Soo.)
- It looks fun. - This is the beginner's course.
Yes, there are different courses.
This is beginner's here. That's for intermediate's there.
Oh, really?
Let's warm up there.
- Let's do it here. - Sounds good.
Is this place for kids who are 4 or 5?
Let's warm up there.
- Let's go to the kid's place. - Okay.
I can sled standing up.
(Ong is bluffing.)
I've been to snow sleds before where there is no moving walks.
I had to run back then.
Yes, we used to run a lot.
I've never walked properly.
Seong Woo is excited.
I'm scared, though. What should I do?
Gosh, it's scary.
It's really scary.
I'm excited.
Hold on a second.
- Let me prepare myself. - Isn't this a competition?
- I'm sorry, but I'm scared. - Why is this making me nervous?
It's scary.
- Are you all ready to enjoy? - Yes!
- Ready. - Let's go.
Go!
(Let's go.)
(They all begin to race each other as if it were planned.)
(Someone is enjoying the fun of speed.)
(Someone is at the top of his lungs.)
(Someone couldn't wear his gloves.)
What shall I do? Hold on!
I can sled standing up.
This is too fast!
(Is this speed for real?)
(Joong Wan is sledding without hesitation.)
Hey, this is amazing!
(These two have just started.)
(Screaming like a crow)
(Somebody save Jae Hwan!)
(He pushes Jeong Soo.)
(Screaming)
(There is 1 crow, and 1 silent trainee.)
(Don't look down on 4 to 5 year olds from now on.)
It's fun. It's fun.
This wasn't too fast.
- This is fun. - It wasn't fast.
Wasn't I the first one to get down?
(It's not! It's not fast!)
This is just a warm up.
- You're good. - Shall we make bet?
- Let's go for three rounds. - Let's bet on something.
Yes.
Shall we move to the next one?
We're just starting.
The loser has to take off his shirt.
How about wrestling with the safety guard?
No, there are many children here.
Somebody will report us.
(What's the punishment?)
(As per everyone's wish)
(Jae Hwan's voice got louder.)
(It's a big mess.)
(Daniel is obsessed with taking good photographs.)
(He can't give up on taking good photographs.)
(Stir-fried chicken with cheese that looks like hand-pulled noodles)
(The duo's new eating show)
(Having the food slowly)
(The 3 friends' tour goes on.)
(They give 5 stars.)
(But their teeth ache,)
(and their gum bleeds.)
(They still want the best photo.)
(Bae Yong Joon?)
(No, he looks like the Grim Reaper.)
(They can't take their eyes off Sapporo's night view.)
(In the spirit of the new year, they get serious...)
(and have a candid conversation.)
(And these guys visit Sung Kyu's high school!)
(The pride of Jeonju, the leader of Infinite, Kim Sung Kyu)
(Bromance blossoms between this duo.)
(Will Gyeong Gyu surprise Sung Kyu...)
(with an unexpected confession?)
Are we in Siberia or something? What is this?
(The extreme cold weather cools down their bromance.)
What on earth are we doing?
(Next Friday at 9:50pm)
("Tell Me" by Infinite)